well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today once again we're gonna be
talking about what the president knew
and when he knew it a question we have
to ask a lot since this administration
took power the president's position on
what he knew and when he knew it is
falling apart
more and more every hour the military
Times is now reporting that the
presidential daily briefing of more than
a year ago included information on
Russia's activities it is also
suggesting although not confirmed that
John Bolton briefed the president in
person about it John Bolton has not
confirmed that though more than a year
ago more than any year ago that's what's
being reported by the Military Times you
know that great bastion of liberal
thought we're not talking about CNN
we're not talking about MSNBC we're not
talking about the New York Times I
cannot wait to see the President of the
United States called the Military Times
fake news I'll be honest I'm waiting for
that it's gonna be great the
administration's position is evolving as
this develops first he didn't know and
now
well it wasn't verified verified that's
not a thing just to let you know
intelligence is never really verified
that's not a term intelligence is about
establishing intent it's about telling
the future it's a crystal ball the
intelligence on the Berlin wall falling
wasn't verified until the bricks hit the
ground but sure let's suggest for a
moment that the failed casino owner that
he had questions and didn't think that
the people who do this for a living that
they knew what they were talking about
what was done to verify what was done to
gather more information on it if this
was just background chatter it should
have launched a massive operation this
is a huge thing it's not a minor
development this is a big thing so what
was done to verify it what actions did
the administration take what did they
direct being
community or those in the field to do
nothing we have no information about
anything like that at all
it was ignored why because the president
the failed casino owner well he believes
that he can trust Putin the former
Russian intelligence officer and
understand when I say that if you don't
know Putin's not former Russian
intelligence the way that Bush was
former CIA know Putin was a field
officer he's one of the most
distinguished intelligence officers of
the 20th century and Trump well Trump
has his number because he had somebody
ghost write a book called the art of the
deal nothing was done because the
president was too busy back here
campaigning trying to energize his base
hugging the American flag and saying
that he supports the troops unless he
means he physically supports them as
like a pallbearer
I don't see how that can be true the
other argument that's coming out is that
well we can't trust this we can't trust
this because it's coming from the
intelligence community and you know
they're all liars sure but we'll trust
the Russian one look I get it the
intelligence community does not have the
best public track record I understand
that and that's all fine and good have
skepticism have doubts but please keep
in mind these reports didn't originate
with the intelligence community they
originated with the troops on the ground
so when you say you don't trust this
that they're lying what you're saying is
that the seals and Delta that are over
there are lying you support the troops
but they're liars you support Liars hey
you know what if you support Trump I
guess that's at least ideologically
consistent there were a whole bunch of
options they could have been done they
weren't all military the easiest thing
to help put pressure on Russia to stop
this would have been for president Trump
to stop acting like he's their
ambassador on the world stage
to stop advocating for them that really
probably would have done it didn't have
to be military options although military
options were certainly warranted there
were a whole bunch of things that could
have been done the one thing that
shouldn't have been done is to just
leave them twisting in the wind leave
them as live action target practice for
the opposition whether you agree with
them being there or not the u.s. sent
them there either bring them home or
back them up because while the president
is planning rallies and tweeting about
his enemies in social media there are
bags being filled and he doesn't care
it's appalling anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good day